add max length configuration for service_name and instance_name (#609)
apache/skywalking-java: CHANGES.md

* Fix hbase onConstruct NPE in the file configuration scenario
* Fix the issue of createSpan failure caused by invalid request URL in HttpClient 4.x/5.x plugin
* Optimize ElasticSearch 6.x 7.x plugin compatibility

> * Add max length configuration in agent.config file for service_name and instance_name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support customization for the length limitation of string configurations
* Add max length configurations in `agent.config` file for service_name and instance_name
```
